Back AM to our recipe book and the last course section relearned how we can use age to deepen our angular
app and therefore how we can reach out to a back end and connect it to our or app.
Well our Engler app here is looking quite good.
But one thing it doesn't offer right now is persistence.
If we added this recipe and let's say remove one of the ingredients like that and we save this we do
keep this state in our application so we can navigate around and do whatever we want.
But as soon as we reload the page Well we of course reload our web application and there for all we
have to work with are our dummy recipes the ones we set up here and the recipe service.
So that is one fundamental flaw or problem in our application.
We're not able to store the data the user entered.
And that is why we have to stropped on here at the top safe data and fetch data should allow us to reach
out to a back end to a server where data will then be Everest's saved in a database or well fetched
from there.
So that's the exact purpose of these two buttons.
Let's connect them with a back end to make them work.